
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_mem_usage                                 357724                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   118.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                 481891                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_seconds                                  0.057055                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    57055090                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99259                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53367                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53480                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99029                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53458                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99240                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53681                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99667                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53922                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99333                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          53673                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99229                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          52964                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99289                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53467                       # number of write accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
