
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                1455036                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 382532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    35.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             3251070052                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                    51162775                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.114317                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                114316622000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::0       100301                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       100301                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::0 14594.610314                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11594.610314                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::0         95143                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        95143                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency     75279000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::0     0.051425                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::0         5158                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5158                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency     59805000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.051425                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses         5158                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::0         7815759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7815759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::0 15651.214184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 12650.891296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::0             7577286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7577286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency     3732392000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::0       0.030512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::0            238473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        238473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   3016896000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.030512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          238473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency  38196735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::0       100300                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       100300                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::0         100300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       100300                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::0        6667481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6667481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::0 40727.618008                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 37727.411843                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::0            6495289                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6495289                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency    7012970000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::0      0.025826                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::0           172192                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       172192                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency   6496358500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.025826                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses         172192                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    931126000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  34.469586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::0         14483240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::1                0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14483240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0 26165.760413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23165.486467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::0             14072575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::1                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         14072575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency     10745362000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::0        0.028354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::1        no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::0             410665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::1                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         410665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   9513254500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.028354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses           410665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0            509.189203                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::0             0.994510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::0        14483240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::1               0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14483240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0 26165.760413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23165.486467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::0            14072575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::1                   0                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        14072575                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency    10745362000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::0       0.028354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::1       no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::0            410665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::1                 0                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        410665                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   9513254500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.028354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses          410665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency  39127861000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 413472                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 413984                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                509.189203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 14269857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              658097000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                   382812                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                      15512082                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                     2208                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      40                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               33678                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.hits                          15506431                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.misses                            5651                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                       263                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                    801                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                  8731607                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      8726923                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                       4684                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                 6780475                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6779508                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       967                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::0        41483736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41483736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::0 14791.732049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11790.415195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::0            41049747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        41049747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency     6419449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::0       0.010462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::0            433989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        433989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   5116910500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.010462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          433989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    349111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  94.587068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::0         41483736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::1                0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     41483736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0 14791.732049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11790.415195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::0             41049747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::1                    0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         41049747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency      6419449000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::0        0.010462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::1        no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::0             433989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::1                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         433989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   5116910500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.010462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses           433989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0            484.311851                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::0             0.945922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::0        41483736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::1               0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     41483736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0 14791.732049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11790.415195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::0            41049747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::1                   0                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        41049747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency     6419449000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::0       0.010462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::1       no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::0            433989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::1                 0                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        433989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   5116910500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0     0.010462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses          433989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency    349111000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 433477                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                 433989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                484.311851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 41049747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle            14247556000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                    34328                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.accesses                      41486666                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                     1476                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            2                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      40                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               33678                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.hits                          41483736                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                 41486666                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                     41483736                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                       2930                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.misses                            2930                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        228633244                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  228633244                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      7015568                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   6058                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          6058                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 4226                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1834                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1109778                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_insts                         51162775                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              42435662                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     42435662                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           248572490                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           49713526                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     9182978                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      16261071                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    7078093                       # Number of store instructions
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_refs                      no_value                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.demand_accesses::0                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::1                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               0                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::0     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::1     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_hits::0                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_hits::1                       0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_hits::total                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::0           no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::1           no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total       no_value                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_misses::0                     0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::1                     0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_hits                     0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency             0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0      no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1      no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses                   0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.mshr_cap_events                      0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.overall_accesses::0                  0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::1                  0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              0                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::0     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::1     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total     no_value                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_hits::0                      0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_hits::1                      0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_hits::total                  0                       # number of overall hits
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency                 0                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::0          no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::1          no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total      no_value                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_misses::0                    0                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::1                    0                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                0                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_hits                    0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     no_value                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses                  0                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full              0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.writebacks                           0                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::0               170353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           170353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::0        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::0                    62556                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                62556                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency          5605444000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::0            0.632786                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::0                 107797                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             107797                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency     4311880000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::0       0.632786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::1            inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses               107797                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::0                 675448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::1                   6192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total             681640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::0   52063.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::1   42597590.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42649654.631313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::0                     657448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::1                       6170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                 663618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency             937147000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::0              0.026649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::1              0.003553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.030202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::0                    18000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::1                       22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                18022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency        720880000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::0         0.026682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::1         2.910530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     2.937211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses                  18022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency  29204423000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::0                1839                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1839                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::0   313.940724                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::1          inf                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::0                      17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency             572000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::0           0.990756                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::0                  1822                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              1822                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency      72880000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::0      0.990756                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::1           inf                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses                1822                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency    743252000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::0               417140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           417140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::0                   417140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               417140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_refs                          7.067586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.demand_accesses::0                  845801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::1                    6192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              851993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::0    52009.117864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::1       297390500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 297442509.117864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency         40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_hits::0                      720004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::1                        6170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                  726174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency             6542591000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::0               0.148731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::1               0.003553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.152284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_misses::0                    125797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::1                        22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                125819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits                         0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency        5032760000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0          0.148757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1         20.319606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     20.468363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses                  125819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.mshr_cap_events                          0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.occ_blocks::0                  5338.058091                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::1                 31318.757980                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_percent::0                    0.081452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::1                    0.477886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.overall_accesses::0                 845801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::1                   6192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             851993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::0   52009.117864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::1      297390500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 297442509.117864                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_hits::0                     720004                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::1                       6170                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                 726174                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency            6542591000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::0              0.148731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::1              0.003553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.152284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_misses::0                   125797                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::1                       22                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               125819                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits                        0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency       5032760000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0         0.148757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1        20.319606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total    20.468363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses                 125819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency  29947675000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.replacements                         93111                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        124568                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full                  0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     36656.816071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                          880395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.writebacks                           87350                       # number of writebacks

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
