
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_mem_usage                                 358180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   393.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                  99381                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_seconds                                  0.039107                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    39106650                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99196                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53578                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99823                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53492                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99265                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53864                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99502                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53622                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99629                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53849                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99563                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          53328                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          53550                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99336                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53387                       # number of write accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
