
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_mem_usage                                 358312                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   848.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                  53511                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_seconds                                  0.045378                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    45377925                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99459                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53615                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99657                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53451                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53553                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99955                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53807                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99803                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53897                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           98781                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          53059                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           98750                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          53290                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           98377                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53085                       # number of write accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
