
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_mem_usage                                 357828                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   324.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                 117713                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_seconds                                  0.038145                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    38145419                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99257                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53554                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99995                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53572                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53729                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99293                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53868                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99739                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53344                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99344                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          53849                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99736                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          53566                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99487                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53455                       # number of write accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
